Readme: Publish default user "core". (#153)
kinvolk/lokomotive-kubernetes: docs/flatcar-linux/kvm-libvirt.md

ssh-add -L
```

> To login by SSH, use the default user `core` -> [ssh.tf](https://github.com/kinvolk/lokomotive-kubernetes/blob/master/kvm-libvirt/flatcar-linux/kubernetes/ssh.tf#L8)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to login by SSH later for debugging purposes, use the default user `core`.
```

Reviewer: Shall I commit the suggestion and go on with merging?

Author: Thanks @pothos . I committed your suggestion.
